Add release procedure info (#456)
software-mansion/cairo-lint: MAINTAINING.md

# Cairo-lint Maintenance

## Release procedure

To release a new version of cairo-lint:

> 1. Make sure all the `cairo-lang-*` dependencies are set to a version appropriate for your release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Bump `cairo-lint` version in `Cargo.toml` file
2. Make sure all the `cairo-lang-*` dependencies are set to a version appropriate for your release.
```

   You can use the following command:
    ```shell
    cargo xtask upgrade cairo VERSION
    ```
    where `VERSION` is the appropriate version.

    The `patch` section in `Cargo.toml` should be **empty** after doing it.

> 2. Push this version to remote, create a PR and verify if the CI passes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Push the changes, create a PR and verify the CI passes.
```

3. Run
    ```shell
    cargo publish
    ```

>     to publish the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If releasing for the first time, run:
    ```shell
    cargo login
    ```
    and follow terminal prompts to generate a token with at least `publish-update` permission. 
4. Run
    ```shell
    cargo publish
    ```

    OR (if using multiple tokens for multiple crates):

    ```shell
    cargo publish --token <token>
    ```

    to publish the package.
```

Reviewer 2: Makes sense 👍
